Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Man: Fuck!
♪♪
Ed: it was you.
Nasir: Come on. mate.
This doesn't end by killing me.
Your son's life. huh?
♪♪
You need to think about it.
♪ Only yoooooou ♪
♪ Can make this
world seem right ♪
♪ O-only yoooooou ♪
♪ Can make the darkness bright ♪
♪ Only you ♪
♪ And you alone ♪
♪ Can thrill me like you do ♪
♪ And fill my heart
with love for only you ♪
♪ Only yoooooou ♪
♪ Can make this change... ♪
Sean: Making a cake?
Billy: Making a cake.
Sean: Doing well. Billy.
Billy: I need to get
out of this house.
It's not home.
- Soon.
♪ Only you ♪
♪ Can make this world... ♪
Billy: It's not
working. you know.
I'm not getting any answers.
Marian: Morning.
Billy: I'm baking a cake.
Shannon: We can't
stay here all morning.
Elliot: I'm an injured man.
Shannon: You think I'm gonna
wait on you hand and foot?
Elliot: Sounds good to me.
Stop!
Shannon: So did
I break you. then?
Elliot: No. What?
Elliot: Just...
don't ask me to move.
Elliot: What are
you thinking about?
Shannon: Danny. Elliot: Yeah?
Shannon: If he got shot.
Elliot: We will find
out who's doing this.
As for Danny. he'll be fine.
He's tough. Shannon: Yeah.
Elliot: He's watching "Marcus
And His Magical Boots."
Shannon: Yeah. That's that.
Elliot: Samuel used to watch it.
Shannon: I love that you
can talk about him with me.
Elliot: Me. too.
Shannon: Shit. Elliot:
Danny? Shannon: Danny?
Danny?
Danny!
You alright. Yeah?
Good boy.
Fucking hell!
It's fine. It's fine.
Elliot: Are you okay. kid?
You sure. yeah?
Shannon: You're supposed
to be watching the house.
not on your fucking phone!
Fucking do your job!
Man: Excellent.
Yes. very good.
Luan: When does
our money come in?
Man: Tomorrow. once Alex Dumani
has overseen the transfer of funds.
Zeus. come.
Ed? Please thank Sean
for honoring his father's deal.
particularly in such
confusing times.
Ed: Well. we can at least be
certain you didn't attack him.
Luan: This is everything
I've been able to find out
from my Albanian contacts.
The family that
Finn wanted to...
to get rid of made their
money in oil and storage.
Ed: You did this favor for
Finn. we washed your money...
Or should I say Mosi's money?
What. you thought
we wouldn't find out?
You're building a tower for him.
This is your free pass. Luan.
You get to build one
tower in this city... one.
But do not think you
get to go against us.
And careful... Mosi
as a business partner
is a dangerous man to
be making promises to.
♪ Only you ♪
♪ Can make this
world seem right ♪
♪ Only yoooooou ♪
Sean: Hi.
Ed: I told Luan that Alexander
would personally
oversee the transfer.
Alex will have this
done by tonight.
Sean: Think he's telling the
truth about the family he killed?
Ed: Yes.
Sean: Okay.
Well. then. tell Alex
to use the information
that Luan is going to supply
to find out the connection
my dad had with this family.
We need that.
Ed: Are you three okay?
Sean: We're good.
It's best that
everyone stays away.
Ed: Whoever attacked us
won't stay hidden forever.
Sean: I know.
I'll speak to you soon.
Ed: Take care. son.
We will get through this.
Billy: Dad's Big Bumper
Book of Rules About Killing.
You look at that.
and you still just see
a dead innocent kid. don't you?
Sean: Billy's right.
This isn't working.
Marian: What else
do you suggest?
We had a killer in our house.
and I want to know why.
You're the head of
the family. now. Sean.
Keep doing what it takes.
♪♪
Vicky: Elliot.
Where the fuck have you been?
I have checked every
hospital in the city.
praying I am not
gonna find a dead UC.
You tell me next time.
Elliot: I'm sorry.
♪♪
I've been holed up
with Shannon Dumani.
They got me the best doctors.
Don't worry. I'm good.
Vicky: You still need a full
medical and a full psych.
Elliot: I can't.
There's no time.
Sean summoned me.
He's spent the week hiding
out with his mum and Billy
in a safe house.
just the three of them.
Immediate family only.
He doesn't know who tried
to kill him. or who to trust.
but he trusts me.
I took a bullet for him.
I mean. a hired killer
posing as a waitress
to get into their home...
This isn't some
ordinary gang takeover.
If the Wallaces want to survive.
they've got to figure it out.
And I'll be next to
Sean when they do.
I'll get you the names
and the connections.
This could be about so much more
than just taking
down the Wallaces.
Vicky: Whoever did
this. they'll do it again.
Alex: So. I wanted to talk this
through before going to Sean.
Ed: Sure.
Alex: I just don't think
it was a coincidence
that Sean was attacked
when we were meeting Jevan
and those investors.
I think we need
to go to Jevan...
Ed: No. Alex: Why not?
Ed: Pointing fingers at
random strangers now
will set Sean off.
Alex: It's not random.
Look. how about I go
to Jevan on my own?
Ed: No.
Alex: What are
you not telling me?
Ed: The business that
you helped Finn build.
the people that invested in it.
they want you
to keep running it.
Alex: Yeah. We're all agreed
on that... Sean included.
Ed: They don't want
Sean anywhere near it.
They want him gone.
He's too noisy
and unpredictable.
Alex: So. what?
They tried to kill him?
Our investors?
Ed: They killed Finn.
And they killed him because
he was trying to leave.
♪♪
Alex: How... How
long have you known?
Ed: After Sean was attacked.
I went straight to Jevan.
and got the truth out
of him. Alex: A week?
Ed: I was trying to
think things through.
trying to keep us
safe... Especially you.
Alex: You do know
Sean's going crazy
with not knowing
who attacked him?
Was it the Albanians.
the Pakistanis.
the Greeks. the
Kurds. the Chinese?
Ed: Telling him now is
just going to start a war
that we would never win.
Alex: I have to tell him.
Ed: Think. We don't even
know who we're dealing with.
Alex: Yeah. I do. I've
met some of them.
Ed: You've met faces
who work for them.
Alex: This is what you do.
You keep everything to yourself.
so you can control
everything... Ed: Alex.
Alex: and everyone around you.
Ed: Alex. I am trying
to keep us all alive.
Alex: Sean deserves to know.
Ed: Listen!
Alex: Really?
What are you gonna do?
♪♪
Marian: You are
going to tell me...
who you work for.
♪♪
♪ Only yoooooou ♪
♪ Can make this
world seem right ♪
♪ Only yoooou ♪
♪ Can make the darkness bright ♪
♪ Only you. and you alone ♪
♪ Can thrill me like you do ♪
♪ And fill my heart
with love for only you ♪
♪ Only yooooooooooou ♪
♪ Can make... ♪
Billy: Hey! Elliot:
How's it going?
Billy: Hey.
Elliot: Yeah. you
good? Billy: Yeah.
Mm-hm.
Come in. Elliot: Okay.
Billy: Please.
Elliot: Yeah. cheers.
Whose place is this?
Billy: It's a guy I
see sometimes.
Yeah. happily married type.
Suits me. though.
I like the boundaries.
Come on. Look.
He's out of the country
for a few months.
and we needed a
place to hide. so...
We've got a few boltholes
like this round the city.
for when the wind changes.
Come in.
Elliot: Plastic? You got rats?
Billy: Huh? Rats?
Yeah. rats. Look!
Elliot: Whoa. mate. I
didn't take you for a baker.
Billy: Well. I need
some kind of vice.
Do you want one?
Have you had lunch?
Have you eaten yet? Elliot: No.
Um. looks lovely. though.
Billy: That's for Baxter.
Elliot: Who's Baxter?
Right. Whose dog is that?
Billy: That's the waitress
who shot at Sean.
We found him in the van.
He hasn't tried to kill
us yet. so. you know.
Elliot: You find
anything else in the van?
Marian Nothing...
Not even a fingerprint.
You better? Elliot: Yeah.
Thank you. Mrs. Wallace.
Sean: Thanks for coming.
Elliot: Yeah. My pleasure.
Sean: Good to see
you. Elliot: You. too.
Good? Sean: Yeah.
Alright. Let's get
a plate for Elliot.
You're not vegan. are
you? Elliot: Oh. my fuck.
Sean: Thank God for that.
Elliot: Yeah. I'll
have anything.
♪ Only Yooooooooooou ♪
♪ Can make this
world seem right ♪
♪ O-only yoooooou ♪
♪ Can make the darkness bright ♪
Billy: Hey.
It's really nice to see
you at the table. Elliot.
instead of on it.
Elliot: Yeah. it
feels good. too.
This is lovely. mate. Thank you.
Billy: Mm. Some wine?
Sean: Yeah. I'll
have a little top-up.
Thank you.
♪ For only you ♪
Taking a bullet for
me... Why'd you do it?
Elliot: If you're
dead. I'm out of a job.
Sean: Or there's part of
you that doesn't want to live.
I can't work you out.
What do you want from me?
Elliot: Protection.
For Shannon and
Danny - more protection.
Sean: That's it?
Done.
Shannon's been
looking after you. yeah?
Elliot: Who do you
think is doing this?
It doesn't point to any
of the gangs we know.
Sean. they got in your house.
Sean: Are you close
to your dad. Elliot?
Mine would push and push.
show me how to go further.
make me go further. do
things I didn't think I could do.
Elliot: You know what?
And I mean this with
the utmost respect...
your dad sounds
like a bit of a cunt.
And that waitress.
she was clever.
Your mum said there
wasn't a fingerprint in the van.
Except dogs have
got to be microchipped.
linking them to their owners.
Now. you got me
some good doctors.
You know any good vets?
No. look. I'm sorry. I can't.
Look. I just can't. okay?
♪♪
Marian: Alexander?
Billy: He won't leave a message.
Keeps saying he wants
to talk to Sean face to face.
Marian: Elliot is the exception.
No one else can
know where we are...
Not even the Dumanis.
Billy: Look. I know! I get it!
♪♪
Man: She's military.
Elliot: Danish Special Forces.
The Jaeger Corps.
Ingrid: Let's change
that dressing.
♪♪
The baby's due soon.
Lale: What do you want?
Leif: The money.
It's tomorrow.
Lale: Yes?
I've told you... You
don't get to see a penny
until I know my baby is safe.
She has to live.
♪♪
Leif!
She has to live.
♪♪
Sean: I'll go upstairs.
You take the basement.
♪♪
Sean: Felix.
Elliot: Shit!
Fuck.
Sean: Fuck.
Elliot: Shit.
♪♪
♪ Only Yoooooooooou ♪
♪ Can make this
world seem right ♪
♪ O-only yoooou ♪
♪ Can make the darkness bright ♪
♪ Only you. and you alone ♪
♪ Can thrill me like you do ♪
♪ And fill my heart
with love for only you ♪
♪ Only yooooou ♪
♪ Can make this change in me ♪
♪ For it's true ♪
♪ You are my destiny ♪
♪ When you hold my hand ♪
♪ I understand ♪
♪ The magic that you do ♪
♪ My one and only you ♪
♪ Only yooooou ♪
♪ Can make this change in me ♪
♪ For it's true ♪
♪ You are my destiny ♪
Marian: I loved my husband.
I know he's a
lying. fucking cunt.
and if he was here now.
I'd rip his fucking eyes out.
But he's not. and you are.
♪ The magic that you do ♪
♪ You're my dream come true ♪
♪ My one and only you ♪
♪♪
Elliot: Complete
surveillance on both families.
♪♪
Sean: Who the fuck
are these people?
♪♪
Felix: Baxter!
Mum. I'm back!
Mum?
Elliot: Hey.
How you doing?
♪♪
Felix: Who are you?
Where's my mum? Sean:
Don't worry about that.
Elliot: We're police officers.
Your mum has been
reported missing.
Felix: What's happened to
her? Elliot: We don't know.
That's why we're here.
You must be Felix. right?
Well. I'm Elliot.
♪♪
Let me help you with your
bag. That looks really heavy.
You've been on a trip?
Felix: I go to boarding school.
Elliot: Oh. that's nice.
And you have a
little sister. don't you?
Felix: She's coming back today.
Why? Am I gonna go with you?
Sean: No.
Have you got
somebody you can call?
Felix: Yeah.
Elliot: Good. Good.
Just come with me a second.
You call that person...
Your dad. or your
aunt. whatever.
I'm going back to
Mum and Billy's.
I'll take you to Shannon's.
Elliot: I should stay with you.
Sean: No. you shouldn't.
Elliot: What happened to the
body... the waitress. that boy's mum?
Sean: Wherever they dumped
her. they're never gonna find her.
Elliot: How old do
you think he was?
Like. 11. 12?
Sean: She tried to kill me.
Elliot: Yeah. I know. but...
Sean: Get in the car...
DCI Finch.
♪♪
Shannon: Oh. no. no. Relax.
Sean just sent some
more men round.
Elliot: Hey.
Keep this warm for us.
and I'll be in in
a second. yeah?
Shannon: Yeah.
So. what. are you official now?
Man: And he gave me to you.
We good?
Elliot: Yeah.
Elliot: Yeah. we're good.
Marian: Whatever it takes.
Sean: Mum?
Marian: Beautiful children.
Sean: Mum...
Woman: No. no. no.
No. please!
Marian: Who is after us?
Billy: Thank you.
Alex: What is this place?
Marian: How long have you
been watching my family?
You obviously
don't fucking listen.
Give me the name
of who you work for.
You have 10 fucking fingernails.
I'll pull every fucking
one of them out
until you give me a name.
If you don't want
your fingernails.
what about your children?
Do they want them?
Give me the name
of who you work for.
Sean: Alex! Marian: Sean!
Sean!
Sean: Alex. wait!
Alex: And I thought
I'd killed her.
Sean: Look. we need to
find out who we're fighting.
What have you got to
tell me that's so important?
Alex: Nothing. Nothing.
I just wanted to make
sure you were okay.
Sean: I didn't want...
Alex: You shut up.
Sean: Alex?
Alex!
♪♪
♪ Only yoooooooou ♪
♪ Can make this
world seem right ♪
Sean: You gave us away...
for that?
Billy: Leave off. will you?
Alex is family.
And I can't listen to
that shit any longer.
I need this.
Sean: That woman knew the rules
when she came after this family.
Billy: And what rules
have you got down there?
Mum knows that
woman isn't gonna talk.
Sean: Fucking look at yourself.
Billy: How fucking dare you?
Look at me?
Look at you! Look
at what you're doing!
Sean: You're a killer. too.
Billy: Yeah.
But I did that
for you. didn't I?
Never did tell you
about that. did I?
Dad's big lesson
with the bucket?
The execution of a criminal
who broke the rules. right?
Wrong.
Ask Mum what
that man really did.
Go on.
Go down there. and ask her.
Jevan: Alexander.
Please. come sit.
So. we're very happy to have
you on board. and running the ship.
Finally. we can move the
Wallace business forward.
♪♪
Ed: Alex?
Thank you for seeing sense.
♪♪
Marian: Give me a name.
Give me a name. you bitch.
Don't do this. Give
me a fucking name!
Sean: Stop. stop. stop!
Stop!
♪♪
You've hurt us.
now we've hurt you.
But this can end right now.
Tell us why you came to kill
me. why you killed my father.
Tell us that.
Then. I will let you go.
And I will let your
kids have a mother.
♪♪
I met your son. Felix. today.
Nice boy.
I could have brought him here.
But he's not done
anything to us.
and he didn't
choose his parents.
Talk to me. and I'll
send you back to him.
You know I'm telling the truth.
Woman: Your mother...
She would never allow that.
♪♪
Sean: My mother
is not in charge.
♪ Only yooooooooou ♪
Marian: If you don't send
someone for her children. I will.
Sean: Did you not hear me?
We're not killing children!
Marian: Well. why not?!
She tried to kill mine!
Sean: You've never
protected us before.
Marian: What the
fuck does that mean?
Sean: Jacqui's always saying it.
I always defended
you. but it's true.
You never protected us from Dad.
The first man Dad
wanted me to kill.
his hands-on tutorial.
you didn't stop that.
Billy just let me in on a
little secret you kept from me.
I want to hear it from you.
Mum...
who was he?
Marian: He was
a no one in a bar.
Sean: And you told Dad.
You knew what he would do.
Marian: I didn't know
he'd asked you to kill him.
Sean: You always act like Dad
was the one driving everything.
that you could never stop him.
when the truth is. you
want this life. don't you?
Fuck anyone who
gets in your way.
No rules. no bargains.
They're just fucking words...
Words that you
and Dad hid behind
to make what you do seem...
noble.
Marian: Everything I do
is to protect this family...
Everything.
Sean: Well. stop.
We don't need you anymore.
♪ Only yoooooou ♪
♪ Can make this
world seem right ♪
♪ Only yoooooou ♪
♪ Can make the darkness bright ♪
♪ Only you ♪
Woman: Don't let them
hurt my children. please.
♪ Can thrill me like you do ♪
♪ And make my heart... ♪
Woman: Kill me if you must.
But please leave
my Sofia and Felix.
Please?
♪♪
Ed and Alex Dumani.
My employers told
me to make sure that...
that the hit had to take place
when they were out of the house.
Don't make a fucking sound.
♪♪
If you scream.
I'll fucking cut you.
Okay. Okay. There's the door.
Go. go. go!
Billy: It's locked. It's
locked. it's locked.
Woman: Where's the
key? Where's the key?
Billy: The kitchen.
♪♪
Woman: Get the key.
Give me the gun.
Put it on the counter. Slide it.
Billy: They were told to hit us
when Ed and Alex weren't there.
Sean: What do you mean?
What does he mean?
Woman: I swear. I'll cut one
son and put a bullet in the other.
Don't you fucking move.
♪♪
Sean: Put the gun down. Mum.
Put the gun down.
♪♪
Billy.
Jesus!
It's okay.
♪♪
Billy: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Sean: Are you okay?
Billy: I'm fine. I'm fine.
♪♪
Sean: Oi!
The night at the dinner.
you and Ed didn't show.
What are you not telling
me about the shooting?
What are you not
telling me? Alex: Nothing!
I told you. we
were running late...
Meeting some possible investors.
What is this?
♪♪
Sean: What? What is it?
Alex: It's Luan's money.
I was waiting for the
transfer to go through. but...
But the account
has just emptied.
It's weird.
It looks like a
transfer. but it can't be.
It must be a glitch.
Either that. or...
Sean: Or what?
♪♪
Alex: Someone's just
stolen Luan's money.
That's half a billion.
He'll think it was us.
♪♪
Sean: Who would want to start
a war between us and Luan?
♪♪
Enough.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today